DOC-3257: Document spellchecker_language local storage override behavior (#3816)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/configuration/spellchecker_language.adoc

  spellchecker_language: 'de'  // Use ISO language code, hyphenated for regional variants (e.g., 'de-DE')
});
----

[NOTE]
====

> If a user selects a language from the Spell Checker language toolbar dropdown, that selection is saved to the browser's local storage and takes precedence over the `+spellchecker_language+` configuration option. The local storage value persists across browser sessions and will continue to override the developer-specified setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a user selects a language from the Spell Checker language toolbar dropdown, that selection is saved to the browser's local storage and takes precedence over the `+spellchecker_language+` configuration option. The local storage value persists across browser sessions and will continue to override the configured setting.
```
